Architecture diagram and London region (#5)
aws-samples/aws-dms-sql-server: README.md

> Warning: This project is currently being developed and the code shouldn't be used in production.

> ## MS SQL Server - AWS DMS Data Replication Demo

Reviewer: - Should we expand "DMS" here?
- Is it superfluous to have "Data"? ("Database Migration Service Data Replication Demo")

Author: done

### Architecture

The AWS DMS demo uses:

> * [AWS Database Migration Service (DMS)](https://aws.amazon.com/dms) for migration and continues replication of database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [AWS Database Migration Service (DMS)](https://aws.amazon.com/dms) to migrate and provide continuous replication of a database.
```

* [Amazon Relational Database Service (RDS)](https://aws.amazon.com/rds) as a target database to replicate to.

> * [Amazon EC2](https://aws.amazon.com/ec2) as a source database for simulating on prem database to migrate from.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Amazon EC2](https://aws.amazon.com/ec2) as a source database for simulating an on-premises database server to migrate from.
```

> * [Amazon Virtual Private Cloud](https://aws.amazon.com/vpc) to launch AWS resources in logically isolated virtual network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Amazon Virtual Private Cloud](https://aws.amazon.com/vpc) to launch AWS resources in a logically isolated virtual network.
```

|------|---------------|
|**US East (N. Virginia)** (us-east-1) | [![Launch the Amazon DMS Data Replication Demo Stack with CloudFormation](docs/deploy-to-aws.png)](https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home?region=us-east-1#/stacks/new?stackName=aws-dms-sql-server&templateURL=https://s3.amazonaws.com/solution-builders-us-east-1/aws-dms-sql-server/latest/main.template)|

> |**EU (Ireland)** (eu-west-1) | [![Launch the Amazon DMS Data Replication Demo Stack with CloudFormation](docs/deploy-to-aws.png)](https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home?region=eu-west-1#/stacks/new?stackName=aws-dms-sql-server&templateURL=https://s3.amazonaws.com/solution-builders-eu-west-1/aws-dms-sql-server/latest/main.template)|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|**EU (Ireland)** (eu-west-1) | [![Launch the Amazon DMS Data Replication Demo Stack with CloudFormation](docs/deploy-to-aws.png)](https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home?region=eu-west-1#/stacks/new?stackName=aws-dms-sql-server&templateURL=https://s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/solution-builders-eu-west-1/aws-dms-sql-server/latest/main.template)|

Looks like the templateURL needs to use the region-specific S3 hostname here.
```

> |**EU (London)** (eu-west-2) | [![Launch the Amazon DMS Data Replication Demo Stack with CloudFormation](docs/deploy-to-aws.png)](https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home?region=eu-west-2#/stacks/new?stackName=aws-dms-sql-server&templateURL=https://s3.amazonaws.com/solution-builders-eu-west-2/aws-dms-sql-server/latest/main.template)|

Reviewer: To expand on this a bit further, the `s3.amazonaws.com` will return a redirect to the region-specific endpoint. I tested this quickly in the CloudFormation Console and it appears CloudFormation won't follow the redirection, resulting in an error for the end-user.

> |**EU (London)** (eu-west-2) | [![Launch the Amazon DMS Data Replication Demo Stack with CloudFormation](docs/deploy-to-aws.png)](https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home?region=eu-west-2#/stacks/new?stackName=aws-dms-sql-server&templateURL=https://s3.amazonaws.com/solution-builders-eu-west-2/aws-dms-sql-server/latest/main.template)|

Author: The london region is not there yet, it will work once i merge this to master, US and Dublin should work for you?
